.. mchoice:: pe2_12-6
   :author: bmiller
   :difficulty: 3.0
   :basecourse: csawesome
   :chapter: Unit11-posttest
   :subchapter: posttest
   :topics: Unit11-posttest/posttest
   :from_source: T
   :answer_a: (s == m - 5) && (s - 3 == 2 * (m - 3))
   :answer_b: s == m + 5 && s + 3 == 2 * m + 6
   :answer_c: s == (m - 5) && (2 * s + 3) == (m + 3)
   :answer_d: None of the above is correct
   :answer_e: (s == (m + 5)) && ((s + 3) == (2 * m + 3))
   :correct: b
   :feedback_a: This would be true if Susan was 5 years younger than Matt and three years ago she was twice his age. But, how could she be younger than him now and twice his age three years ago?
   :feedback_b: Susan is 5 years older than Matt so s == m + 5 should be true and in 3 years she will be twice as old so s + 3 = 2 * (m + 3) = 2 * m + 6.
   :feedback_c: This can't be right because Susan is 5 years older than Matt, so the first part is wrong. It has susan equal to Matt's age minus 5 which would have Matt older than Susan.
   :feedback_d: The answer is s == m + 5 && s + 3 == 2 * m + 6.
   :feedback_e: This is almost right. It has Susan as 5 years older than Matt now. But the second part is wrong. Multiplication will be done before addition so (2 * m + 3) won't be correct for in 3 years Susan will be twice as old as Matt. It should be (2 * (m + 3)) or (2 * m + 6).
   :pct_on_first: 0.3155452436
   :total_students_attempting: 431
   :num_students_correct: 178.0
   :mean_clicks_to_correct: 1.3539325843

   Susan is 5 years older than Matt. Three years from now Susan's age will be twice Matt's age.  What should be in place of ``condition`` in the code segment below to solve this problem?
   
   .. code-block:: java
   
     for (int s = 1; s <= 100; s++) {
        for (int m = 1; m <= 100; m++) {
           if (condition)
               System.out.println("Susan is " + s + " and Matt is " + m);
        }
     }