.. mchoice:: pe1_9
   :author: bmiller
   :difficulty: 3.0
   :basecourse: csawesome
   :chapter: TimedTests
   :subchapter: test1
   :topics: TimedTests/test1
   :from_source: T
   :answer_a: I and III
   :answer_b: I only
   :answer_c: II only
   :answer_d: III only
   :answer_e: I and II
   :correct: a
   :feedback_a: NamedPoint will inherit from Point all fields but the fields are private and they can not be directly accessed in NamedPoint.  You can use super as the first line in a constructor to initialize inherited fields.  You can also set your own fields in a constructor.  If you don't use super as the first line in a constructor one will be put there by the compiler that will call the parent's no argument constructor.
   :feedback_b: I is okay but III is also okay.
   :feedback_c: II is invalid.  Children inherit all of the fields from a parent but do not have direct access to private fields.  You can use super in a constructor to initialize inherited fields by calling the parent's constructor with the same parameter list.
   :feedback_d: I is also okay
   :feedback_e: I is okay but II is invalid.  Children inherit all of the fields from a parent but do not have direct access to private fields.  You can use super in a constructor to initialize inherited fields by calling the parent's constructor with the same parameter list.
   :pct_on_first: 0.4214285714
   :total_students_attempting: 140
   :num_students_correct: 78.0
   :mean_clicks_to_correct: 1.3846153846

   Consider the following declaration for a class that will be used to represent points in the xy-coordinate plane.  Which of these constructors would be legal for the NamedPoint class?
   
   .. code-block:: java
   
      public class Point
      {
         private int myX; // coordinates
         private int myY;
   
         public Point( )
         {
            myX = 0;
            myY = 0;
         }
   
         public Point(int a, int b)
         {
            myX = a;
            myY = b;
         }
   
         // ... other methods not shown
   
      }
   
      // The following incomplete class declaration is intended to extend the
      // above class so that two-dimensional points can be named.
   
      public class NamedPoint extends Point
      {
         private String myName;
         // constructors go here
         // ... other methods not shown
      }
   
     Proposed Constructors:
   
     I.   public NamedPoint()
          {
             myName = "";
          }
     II.  public NamedPoint(int d1, int d2, String name)
          {
             myX = d1;
             myY = d2;
             myName = name;
          }
     III. public NamedPoint(int d1, int d2, String name)
          {
             super(d1, d2);
             myName = name;
          }