.. mchoice:: e25_2_15
  :author: bmiller
  :difficulty: 3.0
  :basecourse: studentcsp
  :chapter: CSPUntimedPracticeQuestions
  :subchapter: exam25_2
  :topics: CSPUntimedPracticeQuestions/exam25_2
  :from_source: T
  :answer_a: figure = 30, x = 6
  :answer_b: figure = 20, x = 5
  :answer_c: figure = 25, x = 6
  :answer_d: figure = 25, x = 5
  :correct: c
  :feedback_a: Incorrect. The code runs for 5 periods total. We start in period 0 with fig = 0 and x = 1. The value for x increases by 1 after each period. So, the values for figure are as follows for every period: After period 2, figure = 5 * 2 = 10 and x = 3; after period 3, figure = 5 * 3 = 15 and x = 4; after period 4, figure = 5 * 4 = 20 and x = 5; after period 5, figure = 5 * 5 = 25 and x = 6. The program will stop after period 5 since figure exceeds 20.
  :feedback_b: Incorrect. The code runs for 5 periods total. We start in period 0 with fig = 0 and x = 1. The value for x increases by 1 after each period. So, the values for figure are as follows for every period: After period 2, figure = 5 * 2 = 10 and x = 3; after period 3, figure = 5 * 3 = 15 and x = 4; after period 4, figure = 5 * 4 = 20 and x = 5; after period 5, figure = 5 * 5 = 25 and x = 6. The program will stop after period 5 since figure exceeds 20.
  :feedback_c: Correct. The code runs for 5 periods total. We start in period 0 with fig = 0 and x = 1. The value for x increases by 1 after each period. So, the values for figure are as follows for every period: After period 2, figure = 5 * 2 = 10 and x = 3; after period 3, figure = 5 * 3 = 15 and x = 4; after period 4, figure = 5 * 4 = 20 and x = 5; after period 5, figure = 5 * 5 = 25 and x = 6. The program will stop after period 5 since figure exceeds 20.
  :feedback_d: Incorrect. The code runs for 5 periods total. We start in period 0 with fig = 0 and x = 1. The value for x increases by 1 after each period. So, the values for figure are as follows for every period: After period 2, figure = 5 * 2 = 10 and x = 3; after period 3, figure = 5 * 3 = 15 and x = 4; after period 4, figure = 5 * 4 = 20 and x = 5; after period 5, figure = 5 * 5 = 25 and x = 6. The program will stop after period 5 since figure exceeds 20.

  Consider the following code:

  x ← 1

  figure ← 0

  REPEAT UNTIL figure > 20

  {

   figure ← 5 * x

   x  ← x + 1

  }

  DISPLAY(“figure =”)

  DISPLAY(figure)

  DISPLAY(“, x =”)

  DISPLAY(x)

  What is displayed as a result of running the code above?